feat: support signoff option (#199)
DeterminateSystems/update-flake-lock: README.md

          token: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN_FOR_UPDATES }}
```

## Sign-off commit

The bot can produce commits with a sign-off. This is useful for projects that require a sign-off to be present in the commit message.

> To enable this, set the `sign-commits` input to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this, set the `signoff` input to `true`.
```
